2.3.3 release notes (#5393)
magento/devdocs: guides/v2.3/release-notes/release-notes-2-3-3-open-source.md

This release contains the following major PSD-related changes:

* The **Braintree payment method now complies with PSD2 regulations**. Its core integration API has been upgraded to the latest JavaScript SDK v3 API, which is a requirement for supporting native Braintree 3D Secure 2.0 adoption. Braintree transactions are now also verified by using the native Braintree 3D Secure 2.0 service.

* Authorize.net now provides the ability, through the `cardholderAuthentication` request field, to make 3D Secure verification through third-party services such as CardinalCommerce. Starting with this release, **Authorize.net Accept.js integration will support 3DS 2.0 through CardinalCommerce**.

<!--- MAGETWO-99739 -->
* The Cybersource and eWay payment modules have been deprecated in this release to comply with PSD2 SCA regulation, which takes effect on September 14, 2019. Use the official Marketplace extensions for these features instead.

#### Security enhancements and fixes to core code

> * **75 security enhancements** that help close cross-site scripting (XSS) and remote code execution (RCE) vulnerabilities as well as other security issues. No confirmed attacks related to these issues have occurred to date. However, certain vulnerabilities can potentially be exploited to access customer information or take over administrator sessions. Most of these issues require that an attacker first obtains access to the Admin. As a result, we remind you to take all necessary steps to protect your Admin, including but not limited to these efforts: IP whitelisting, [two-factor authentication](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/security/two-factor-authentication.html), use of a VPN, the use of a unique location rather than `/admin`, and good password hygiene. See [Magento Security Center](https://magento.com/security/patches/magento-2.3.3-2.2.10-security-update) for a comprehensive discussion of these issues. All known exploitable security issues fixed in this release (2.3.2) have been ported to 2.2.10, 1.14.4.3, and 1.9.4.3, as appropriate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**75 security enhancements** help close cross-site scripting (XSS) and remote code execution (RCE) vulnerabilities as well as other security issues. No confirmed attacks related to these issues have occurred to date. However, certain vulnerabilities can potentially be exploited to access customer information or take over administrator sessions. Most of these issues require that an attacker first obtains access to the Admin. As a result, we remind you to take all necessary steps to protect your Admin, including but not limited to these efforts: IP whitelisting, [two-factor authentication](https://devdocs.magento.com/guides/v2.3/security/two-factor-authentication.html), use of a VPN, the use of a unique location rather than `/admin`, and good password hygiene. See [Magento Security Center](https://magento.com/security/patches/magento-2.3.3-2.2.10-security-update) for a comprehensive discussion of these issues. All known exploitable security issues fixed in this release (2.3.3) have been ported to 2.2.10, 1.14.4.3, and 1.9.4.3, as appropriate.
```

{:.bs-callout-info}
Starting with the release of Magento Open Source 2.3.2, Magento will assign and publish indexed Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) numbers with each security bug reported to us by external parties. This allows users of Magento Open Source to more easily identify unaddressed vulnerabilities in their deployment.

### Platform upgrades

The following upgrades to core platform components boost platform security and support PCI compliance:

<!--- MC-14862-->
* Magento 2.3.3 now supports PHP 7.3.x (tested with PHP 7.3.8) and PHP 7.2.x (tested with 7.2.21).

<!--- MC-14863-->
* Magento now supports Varnish 6.2.0.

<!--- MC-14912-->
* Zend Framework 2 Components have been upgraded to the Active/LTS versions. See [Support and Long Term Support Policies](https://framework.zend.com/long-term-support) for a discussion of Zend Framework long-term support policy.

### Performance boosts

<!--- MC-4244-->

> * Merchants now have the ability to turn off the automatic URL rewrite generation that occurs by default on products when the category they belong to is saved. The new **Generate "category/product" URL Rewrites**  configuration option controls this behavior. When this feature is enabled, Magento will generate a lot of data when saving a category that contains many assigned products. This generated data is saved into rewrite tables that can degrade Magento performance. See xxx for more information on using this new configuration option.

Reviewer: See xxx for more information  --  noting placeholder missing value

<!--- MC-15763-->
* Page load speeds have been improved by moving non-critical CSS elements to the bottom of the page. This update enables the browser to render and display a storefront page more quickly.

<!--- MC-16887-->
* The `jQuery/ui` library has been refactored into separate widgets so that core modules load only the widgets they need. This update improves the performance of core storefront tasks including the loading of category, configurable product, home, and checkout pages.

<!--- MC-16046-->

> * Store pages now display text in readable system fonts while loading system fonts, which significantly increases page load speedMerchants who deploy stores that implement large CSS files and many fonts will notice the greatest improvement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Store pages now display text in readable system fonts while loading system fonts, which significantly increases page load speed. Merchants who deploy stores that implement large CSS files and many fonts will notice the greatest improvement.
```
